net/af.c		standard
net/if.c		standard
net/if_loop.c		optional loop
net/if_sl.c		optional sl
net/raw_cb.c		standard
net/raw_usrreq.c	standard
net/route.c		standard
netimp/if_imp.c		optional imp
netimp/if_imphost.c	optional imp
netimp/raw_imp.c	optional imp
netinet/if_ether.c	optional ether
netinet/in.c		optional inet
netinet/in_pcb.c	optional inet
netinet/in_proto.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_icmp.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_input.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_output.c	optional inet
netinet/raw_ip.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_debug.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_input.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_output.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_subr.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_timer.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netinet/udp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netns/idp_usrreq.c	optional ns
netns/ns.c		optional ns
netns/ns_error.c	optional ns
netns/ns_ip.c		optional ns
netns/ns_input.c	optional ns
netns/ns_output.c	optional ns
netns/ns_pcb.c		optional ns
netns/ns_proto.c	optional ns
netns/spp_debug.c	optional ns
netns/spp_usrreq.c	optional ns
nfs/dbx_nfs.c		optional dbx nfs symbolic-info
nfs/nfs_server.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_subr.c		optional nfs
nfs/nfs_vfsops.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_vnodeops.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_xdr.c		optional nfs
pcfs/dbx_pcfs.c		optional dbx pcfs symbolic-info
pcfs/pc_alloc.c		optional pcfs
pcfs/pc_dir.c		optional pcfs
pcfs/pc_node.c		optional pcfs
pcfs/pc_subr.c		optional pcfs
pcfs/pc_vfsops.c	optional pcfs
pcfs/pc_vnodeops.c	optional pcfs
rpc/auth_kern.c		optional nfs
rpc/authunix_prot.c	optional nfs
rpc/clnt_kudp.c		optional nfs
rpc/dbx_rpc.c		optional dbx nfs symbolic-info
rpc/kudp_fastsend.c	optional nfs
rpc/rpc_prot.c		optional nfs
rpc/subr_kudp.c		optional nfs
rpc/svc.c		optional nfs
rpc/svc_auth.c		optional nfs
rpc/svc_auth_unix.c	optional nfs
rpc/svc_kudp.c		optional nfs
rpc/xdr.c		optional nfs
rpc/xdr_array.c		optional nfs
rpc/xdr_mbuf.c		optional nfs
rpc/xdr_mem.c		optional nfs
sys/heap_kmem.c		standard
sys/init_main.c		standard
sys/init_sysent.c	standard
sys/kern_acct.c		standard 
sys/kern_clock.c	standard
sys/kern_descrip.c	standard
sys/kern_exec.c		standard
sys/kern_exit.c		standard
sys/kern_fork.c		standard
sys/kern_mman.c		standard
sys/kern_proc.c		standard
sys/kern_prot.c		standard
sys/kern_resource.c	standard
sys/kern_sig.c		standard
sys/kern_subr.c		standard
sys/kern_synch.c	standard
sys/kern_time.c		standard
sys/kern_xxx.c		standard
sys/subr_log.c		standard
sys/subr_mcount.c	optional profiling-routine
sys/subr_prf.c		standard
sys/subr_rmap.c		standard
sys/subr_xxx.c		standard
sys/sys_generic.c	standard
sys/sys_process.c	standard
sys/sys_socket.c	standard
sys/tty.c		standard
sys/tty_bk.c		optional bk
sys/tty_conf.c		standard
sys/tty_pty.c		optional pty
sys/tty_subr.c		standard
sys/tty_tb.c		optional tb
sys/tty_tty.c		standard
sys/uipc_domain.c	standard
sys/uipc_mbuf.c		standard
sys/uipc_proto.c	standard
sys/uipc_socket.c	standard
sys/uipc_socket2.c	standard
sys/uipc_syscalls.c	standard
sys/uipc_usrreq.c	standard
sys/vfs.c		standard
sys/vfs_bio.c		standard
sys/vfs_conf.c		standard
sys/vfs_dev.c		standard
sys/vfs_dnlc.c		standard
sys/vfs_io.c		standard
sys/vfs_lookup.c	standard
sys/vfs_pathname.c	standard
sys/vfs_syscalls.c	standard
sys/vfs_vnode.c		standard
sys/vfs_xxx.c		standard
sys/vm_drum.c		standard
sys/vm_mem.c		standard
sys/vm_mon.c		standard
sys/vm_page.c		standard
sys/vm_proc.c		standard
sys/vm_pt.c		standard
sys/vm_sched.c		standard
sys/vm_subr.c		standard
sys/vm_sw.c		standard
sys/vm_swap.c		standard
sys/vm_swp.c		standard
sys/vm_text.c		standard
ufs/quota.c		optional quota
ufs/quota_syscalls.c	optional quota
ufs/quota_ufs.c		optional quota
ufs/ufs_alloc.c		standard
ufs/ufs_bmap.c		standard
ufs/ufs_dir.c		standard
ufs/ufs_dsort.c		standard
ufs/ufs_efs.c		optional efs device-driver
ufs/ufs_inode.c		standard
ufs/ufs_subr.c		standard
ufs/ufs_tables.c	standard
ufs/ufs_vfsops.c	standard
ufs/ufs_vnodeops.c	standard
